customer-mygfs-index-service/application.yml                 :		In Transit (building)
kube-downscaler/application.yml	                            :		N/A
material-mygfs-index-service/application.yml	                :		In Transit (building)
apache-config/application.yml	                              :		N/A
cart-service/application.yml	                                :		Built by jenkins
customer-load-service/application.yml	                      :		Built by jenkins
customer-mygfs-load-service/application.yml	                :		Built by jenkins
customer-service/application.yml	                            :		Built by jenkins
deliveryschedule-service/application.yml	 	                  :		Already Done
inventory-service/application.yml	 	                        :		Built by jenkins
it-support/application.yml	 	                                :		N/A (No Repo?)
kibana-config/application.yml	 	                            :		N/A
list-service/application.yml	 	                              :		In Transit (management)
material-mygfs-load-service/application.yml	 	              :   In Transit
message-service/application.yml	 	                          :   In Transit
order-api-gateway/application.yml	 	                        :   In Transit (management, peculiar server tags)
order-guide-load-service/application.yml	 	                  :In Transit
order-guide-mygfs-load-service/application.yml	 	            :In Transit
order-service/application.yml	 	                            :In Transit (management)
organization-service/application.yml	 	                      :In Transit
price-service/application.yml	 	                            :In Transit (management)
product-load-service/application.yml	 	                      :In Transit
product-service/application.yml	 	                          :In Transit (management)
punchout-service/application.yml	 	                          :In Transit
search-config/application.yml	 	                            : N/A
user-service/application.yml	 	                              :In Transit (pretty gnarly)
web-bff/application.yml	 	                                  :In Transit (management)
web/application.yml	 	                                      :In Transit (management)
wiremock-config/application.yml	 	                          :N/A
order-guide-mygfs-index-service/application.yml	 	          :In Transit